Desktop Spec (#2811)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/spec/desktop.md

> info ""
>  If you're already collecting similar events, Segment recommends migrating to these event names so that you can take advantage of available features in Segment's destinations which depend on the spec as they become available.

> warning ""
>  Per the [Privacy Policy](https://segment.com/legal/privacy/#sensitive-personal-information) and applicable terms, don't send Segment sensitive personal information about your users. Certain features from Segment and partners allow you to opt-in to automatically track data (for example: Application Installed or Deep Link Clicked). When working with these features and Segment in general, be mindful of the data that is tracked to ensure it's matching both your obligations under your agreement with Segment and the privacy expectations of your users.

## Overview of Events

The Segment Desktop Spec includes the following semantic events:

**Application Lifecycle Events**
- [Application Installed](#application-installed)
- [Application Opened](#application-opened)
- [Application Updated](#application-updated)
- [Application Backgrounded](#application-backgrounded)
- [Application Hidden](#application-hidden)

> - [Application Unhidden](#application-unhidden)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Application Unhides](#application-unhides)
```

{% comment %} api-example '{ "userId": "019mr8mf4r", "type": "track", "event": "Application Updated", "properties": { "previous_version": "1.1.2", "previous_build": 1234, "version": "1.2.0", "build": "1456" }}'}}} {% endcomment %}

```json
{
  "userId": "019mr8mf4r",
  "type": "track",
  "event": "Application Updated",
  "properties": {
    "previous_version": "1.1.2",
    "previous_build": "1234",
    "version": "1.2.0",
    "build": "1456"
  }
}
```

| **Property**       | **Type** | **Description**                  |
| ------------------ | -------- | -------------------------------- |
| `previous_version` | String   | The previously recorded version. |
| `previous_build`   | String   | The previously recorded build.   |
| `version`          | String   | The new version.                 |
| `build`            | String   | The new build.                   |

### Application Hidden
This event fires when a user decides to hide their desktop application.

```json
{
  "userId": "019mr8mf4r",
  "type": "track",
  "event": "Application Hidden",
  "properties": {}
}
```

> ### Application Unhidden

Author: ```suggestion
### Application Unhides
```

> info ""
>  If you're already collecting similar events, Segment recommends migrating to these event names so that you can take advantage of available features in Segment's destinations which depend on the spec as they become available.

> warning ""
>  Per the [Privacy Policy](https://segment.com/legal/privacy/#sensitive-personal-information) and applicable terms, don't send Segment sensitive personal information about your users. Certain features from Segment and partners allow you to opt-in to automatically track data (for example: Application Installed or Deep Link Clicked). When working with these features and Segment in general, be mindful of the data that is tracked to ensure it's matching both your obligations under your agreement with Segment and the privacy expectations of your users.

## Overview of Events

The Segment Desktop Spec includes the following semantic events:

**Application Lifecycle Events**
- [Application Installed](#application-installed)
- [Application Opened](#application-opened)
- [Application Updated](#application-updated)

> - [Application Backgrounded](#application-backgrounded)

Author: @migs647 do you have any suggestions for the terminology?

> - [Application Backgrounded](#application-backgrounded)

Reviewer: Installed, Opened, Updated are legit. Backgrounded could be "Hidden". Thoughts?

> - [Application Backgrounded](#application-backgrounded)

Author: @migs647 but there's already `Application Hidden`

```json
{
  "userId": "019mr8mf4r",
  "type": "track",
  "event": "Application Opened",
  "properties": {
    "from_background": false,
    "referring_application": "GMail",
    "url": "url://location"
  }
}
```

| **Property**            | **Type** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ----------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `from_background`       | Boolean  | If the application [transitioned](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UIApplicationDelegate_Protocol/#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40006786-CH3-SW52) from "Background" to the "Inactive" state prior to foregrounding (as opposed to from "Not Running" state). |

> | `url`                   | String   | The value of `UIApplicationLaunchOptionsURLKey` from `launchOptions`.**Collected on iOS only**.                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Author: does this apply for macOS?

Reviewer: It does, but it is NSApplicationDelegate: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nsapplicationdelegate/1428385-applicationdidfinishlaunching.

Author: ```suggestion
| `url`                   | String   | The value of `UIApplicationLaunchOptionsURLKey` from [`NSApplicationDelegate`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/appkit/nsapplicationdelegate/1428385-applicationdidfinishlaunching){:target="_blank"}.                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

Author: is this the right edit to make?

Reviewer: This looks good.

> | `referring_application` | String   | The value of `UIApplicationLaunchOptionsSourceApplicationKey` from `launchOptions`. **Automatically collected on iOS only**.                                                                                                                                                        |

Author: does this apply for macOS?

Reviewer: It does not apply to macOS.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Looks good.

{% comment %} api-example '{ "userId": "019mr8mf4r", "type": "track", "event": "Application Updated", "properties": { "previous_version": "1.1.2", "previous_build": 1234, "version": "1.2.0", "build": "1456" }}'}}} {% endcomment %}

```json
{
  "userId": "019mr8mf4r",
  "type": "track",
  "event": "Application Updated",
  "properties": {
    "previous_version": "1.1.2",
    "previous_build": "1234",
    "version": "1.2.0",
    "build": "1456"
  }
}
```

| **Property**       | **Type** | **Description**                  |
| ------------------ | -------- | -------------------------------- |
| `previous_version` | String   | The previously recorded version. |
| `previous_build`   | String   | The previously recorded build.   |
| `version`          | String   | The new version.                 |
| `build`            | String   | The new build.                   |

### Application Hidden
This event fires when a user decides to hide their desktop application.

```json
{
  "userId": "019mr8mf4r",
  "type": "track",
  "event": "Application Hidden",
  "properties": {}
}
```

### Application Unhidden
This event fires when a user unhides their hidden desktop application.

> 

Reviewer: The terminology in MacOS is "hides", I think "unhides" is sufficient if you are good with it.

Author: @migs647 are you suggesting that we should call the section "Application Unhides" instead?
